There are a lot of lucrative career paths in psychology. Um, you can go
into private practice. That's one of them. So you could be a clinician,
and they make pretty decent money. Um, you can go into academics,
which can provide a decent salary depending on the position that
you get. Um, you can also use your people skills that you're gonna
learn. Um, Thio do well in a business setting, and that might earn you
some money to, um, you could do statistics, and that's a great way
to earn money because people, you know, a lot of different fields,
uh, want to do statistics but don't have the training. And so they
hire people who are well versed in statistics. And so you conduce consulting
and statistics, and that's actually pretty lucrative. Um, you
could go into biotech if you have an emphasis in, uh, bio psychology
and you can, you know, even work in a lab on Do you could make money
that way, Or you could go into, like, the pharmaceutical industry.
That's a that's a lucrative career path. So there are. There are
a lot of avenues that are kind of known for being more lucrative in
psychology.